README.md, before:

# ddfa-app

**Welcome to ddfa-app!**

This is the frontend component of the DDFA (Double D Food Adventures) app. It's written in React Native and currently only supports iOS devices. You can checkout the backend [here](https://github.com/davidvuong/ddfa-api).

## Installation

1. Install [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html):

    ```bash
    brew install nvm
    nvm install 6.10

    brew install watchman
    npm install -g react-native-cli
    ```

1. Clone this repository:

    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:davidvuong/ddfa-app.git
    ```

1. Install project dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

    **A couple gotchas! when installing new dependencies:**

    1. Pure JavaScript dependencies don't require `react-native link`
    1. Make sure to restart your `packager` after installing a new dependency
    1. Sometimes you also need to restart your simulator, especially when you `react-native link`

    I found it also helped to remove the build directory and recompiling after adding a dependency:

    ```bash
    rm -rf ./ios/build && npm run build:ios
    ```

    There were times where I got very bizarre errors when adding a new dependency. If all else fails, nuke it and reinstall from scratch:

    ```bash
    rm -rf ./ios/build && rm -rf ./node_modules && npm prune && npm cache clean && npm i
    npm run build:ios
    ```

1. Run the React Native application:

    I prefer to run the packager myself (more control over my terminal):

    ```bash
    npm run build:ios
    npm start
    ```

    Alternatively, `react-native run-ios` will open up the `packager` in a new `Terminal.app` window:

    ```bash
    react-native run-ios
    ```

    **NOTE:** If `npm run ios` doesn't start up the simulator app, just open it yourself and then click on the DDFA app.

## React Native Pain Points

Below are a few pain points I experienced while developing this React Native app... some have solutions, others do not, some are just rants:

1. Missing stack traces in your remote JS debug console.

    According to their own documentation (deep inside `ExceptionsManager.js`):

    ```js
    // Workaround for reporting errors caused by `throw 'some string'`
    // Unfortunately there is no way to figure out the stacktrace in this
    // case, so if you ended up here trying to trace an error, look for
    // `throw '<error message>'` somewhere in your codebase.
    ```

    Most of the time, exceptions occur outside of my own codebase (3rd party library or part of React Native). Running `grep -ie 'throw <error_message>'` IMO is not really a workaround.

1. The inspection tool inside the simulator is extremely limited.

    You can click on elements in the screen, sort of read the DOM hierarchy and layout but that's about it. You can't really do very much and doesn't seem very useful.

1. Many popular libraries have outdated documentation.

    I feel like this is just an inherit issue with using bleeding edge technology. Everything breaks, documentation is never up to date or reliable. The solution is to read the source.

    It's also not the fault of React Native. An Experimental Navigation module was released in an older version of React but [a very popular navigation library](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux/issues/1289) decided to use it. When it was removed, if you used the latest version of React Native, it would break everything. Why are developers using experimental features and pushing those changes into a stable release? I don't know...

    To add to this point, a lot of popular libraries are also in the middle of a big refactor. It's likely what you write now will no longer be relevant 6 months later. This seems akin to the rest of the JavaScript ecosystem.

1. When hot reloading sometimes works, it's awesome. However, it doesn't work all the time.

    This makes the feature unreliable and I'm hesitant to use it. I'll get into a situation where the bug that I thought I fixed is still occurring. Is this because I didn't fix it or because hot reload didn't pick up the change?

1. The `EDITOR` environment variable isn't respected when opening files in terminal via simulator

    The solution is to use `REACT_EDITOR`. It's also super unclear that (https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/13443) there's a PR to address it though.

1. The act of opening files in my terminal editor by clicking on links inside a smartphone simulator...

    IMO, this is possibly the worst part about the React Native development experience. There's one main reason, it breaks my terminal session when I try to reload the app if a file is open.

    The solution is to close your session, open a new terminal, `lsof -i :8081` and `kill -9` the packager. There are also a bunch of other reasons:

    - Why open inside a terminal? Why not inside remote js debugger? I can't use Chrome DevTools
    - Opening more than one file before closing the previous file first also breaks my terminal
    - By default opening the editor in `nano` doesn't jump you to the line and column the error occurred
    - Clicking on the same file more than once spawns a new process instead of replacing the current buffer (accidentally clicking on the same error more than once is a common occurrence)

    ```
    501  7871  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7875  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7886  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7890  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7894  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7898  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    ```

Commit message:

docs(readme): more formatting and rewording

README.md, after:

# ddfa-app

**Welcome to ddfa-app!**

This is the frontend component of the DDFA (Double D Food Adventures) app. It's written in React Native and currently only supports iOS devices. You can checkout the backend [here](https://github.com/davidvuong/ddfa-api).

## Installation

1. Install [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html):

    ```bash
    brew install nvm
    nvm install 6.10

    brew install watchman
    npm install -g react-native-cli
    ```

1. Clone this repository:

    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:davidvuong/ddfa-app.git
    ```

1. Install project dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

    **A couple gotchas! when installing new dependencies:**

    1. Pure JavaScript dependencies don't require `react-native link`
    1. Make sure to restart your `packager` after installing a new dependency
    1. Sometimes you also need to restart your simulator, especially when you `react-native link`

    I found it also helped to remove the build directory and recompiling after adding a dependency:

    ```bash
    rm -rf ./ios/build && npm run build:ios
    ```

    There were times where I got very bizarre errors when adding a new dependency. If all else fails, nuke it and reinstall from scratch:

    ```bash
    rm -rf ./ios/build && rm -rf ./node_modules && npm prune && npm cache clean && npm i
    npm run build:ios
    ```

1. Run the React Native application:

    I prefer to run the packager myself (more control over my terminal):

    ```bash
    npm run build:ios
    npm start
    ```

    Alternatively, `react-native run-ios` will open up the `packager` in a new `Terminal.app` window:

    ```bash
    react-native run-ios
    ```

    **NOTE:** If `npm run ios` doesn't start up the simulator app, just open it yourself and then click on the DDFA app.

## React Native Pain Points

Below are a few pain points I experienced while developing this React Native app... some have solutions, others do not, some are just rants:

1. **Missing stack traces in your remote JS debug console.**

    According to their own documentation (deep inside `ExceptionsManager.js`):

    ```js
    // Workaround for reporting errors caused by `throw 'some string'`
    // Unfortunately there is no way to figure out the stacktrace in this
    // case, so if you ended up here trying to trace an error, look for
    // `throw '<error message>'` somewhere in your codebase.
    ```

    Most of the time exceptions don't occur due to `throw X`. They typically occur because I done something I didn't think through or because I misused a 3rd party library. More often, these exceptions also tend to be unexpected like `can't access x of undefined`. `ExceptionsManager` catches these exceptions too. Expecting the developer to run `grep -ie 'throw <error_message>'` is not really a workaround...

1. **The inspection tool inside the simulator is extremely limited.**

    You can click on elements in the screen, sort of read the DOM hierarchy and layout but that's about it. You can't really do very much and doesn't seem very useful.

1. **Many popular libraries have outdated documentation.**

    I feel like this is just an inherit issue with using bleeding edge technology. Everything breaks, documentation is never up to date or reliable. The solution is to read the source.

    It's also not the fault of React Native. An Experimental Navigation module was released in an older version of React but [a very popular navigation library](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux/issues/1289) decided to use it. When it was removed, if you used the latest version of React Native, it would break everything. Why are developers using experimental features and pushing those changes into a stable release? I don't know...

    To add to this point, a lot of popular libraries are also in the middle of a big refactor. It's likely what you write now will no longer be relevant 6 months later. This seems akin to the rest of the JavaScript ecosystem.

1. **When hot reloading sometimes works, it's awesome. However, it doesn't work all the time.**

    This makes the feature unreliable and I'm hesitant to use it. I'll get into a situation where the bug that I thought I fixed is still occurring. Is this because I didn't fix it or because hot reload didn't pick up the change?

1. **The `EDITOR` environment variable isn't respected when opening files in terminal via simulator.**

    The solution is to use `REACT_EDITOR`. It's also super unclear... (https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/13443) there's a PR to address it though.

1. **The act of opening files in my _terminal editor_ by clicking on links inside a _smartphone simulator_...**

    IMO, this is possibly the worst part about the React Native development experience. There's one main reason, it breaks my terminal session when I try to reload the app if a file is open.

    The solution is to close your session, open a new terminal, `lsof -i :8081` and `kill -9` the packager. There are also a bunch of other reasons:

    - Why open inside a terminal? Why not inside remote js debugger? Can't use Chrome DevTools
    - Opening more than one file before closing the previous file first also breaks my terminal
    - By default opening the editor in `nano` doesn't jump you to the line and column the error occurred
    - Clicking on the same file more than once spawns a new process instead of replacing the current buffer (accidentally clicking on the same error more than once is a common occurrence)

    ```
    501  7871  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7875  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7886  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7890  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7894  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    501  7898  7413   0 12:16am ttys001    0:00.00 nano /Users/davidvuong/workspace/ddfa/node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Renderer/src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
    ```
